# Viral-Disease-Prediction-and-Medicine-Reccomendation-System
Viruses and humans have been at odds for millennia. Viruses that transmit infection are rapidly emerging day by day. People nowadays suffer from a variety of diseases as a result of the climate and their lifestyle choices. Many of the determinants of global health have faltered, despite the fact that many generally averaged indicators of population health have increased. Many new infectious diseases have arisen, although some have reappeared unexpectedly. COVID-19, a novel coronavirus discovered recently, is an example. No medication was available to treat the patients. As a result, predicting illness at an earlier level becomes a crucial challenge. However, a doctor's ability to make an appropriate diagnosis based on symptoms is hampered. A large number of infected people have been exposed to the virus during this process. Owing to a lack of enough medical treatment, some died. As a result, we've incorporated a system in this project. We developed a general disease prediction system focused on the patient's symptoms. Furthermore, this approach examines the symptoms and suggests the appropriate medicine to cure the predicted viral disease by using Machine Learning techniques. In brief, this paper presents an application programming interface for recommending medications to users that are suffering from a certain illness, which the system can also diagnose by evaluating the patient's symptoms using machine learning algorithms.
